---
title: Latest Happenings
permalink: /latest-happenings/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<h4><strong>MOE FB Live Session - Unlocking the Secrets of Quality Sleep for Our Children</strong> </h4><p>Dear parents/ guardian, &nbsp;</p><p>We would like to invite you to join a live sharing session on MOE Facebook on <strong>Tuesday,</strong> <strong>23 January, 8pm to 9pm </strong>on the topic of <em>Unlocking the Secrets of Quality Sleep for Our Children</em><strong>. </strong>Parents/guardian can look forward to learn more from a panel of medical experts and parents on how sleep affect their child/ward’s well-being and development, the importance of getting sufficient sleep and some tips and tricks for a well-rested night. Please click&nbsp; <a href="https://go.gov.sg/amaa-sleep3" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">event page here</a> to sign-up for the session.</p><h4><strong>Online Parenting Webinars</strong></h4><p>Dear parents/ guardian,</p><p>We would like to invite you to sign up for a series of online parenting webinars organised by the Parent Support Group and Morning Star Community Services, to help you equipped with effective parenting skills. Please click <a href="https://go.gov.sg/morningstarwebinar12secrun1" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> to register for the webinars.</p><h4><strong>2024 Joint Admissions Exercise (JAE) for Sec 4E and 5NA students</strong></h4><p>Upon receiving your GCE O-Level examination results, you may now participate in the Joint Admissions Exercise (JAE) to apply for courses offered by junior colleges, Millennia Institute, polytechnics, or Institute of Technical Education.</p><p>Please click the links below to access the following online resources.</p><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="https://go.gov.sg/2024jaebooklet" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">2024 JAE Booklet</a></p></li><li><p><a href="https://go.gov.sg/2024jaeopenhouses" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Information on Open House offered by different institutions</a></p></li><li><p><a href="https://go.gov.sg/forstudentsolvlpresentationofresults2023" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">School-based presentation slides during the release of GCE O Level results</a></p></li></ol><h4><strong>Sec 1 CCA Fair and CCA Selection 2024</strong></h4><p>We hope that the CCA Fair on 5th of January 2024 (Friday) had given you greater insights into the various CCAs offered at Bedok South Sec School.</p><p>Please complete this CCA Selection Form by <u>17th Jan 2024, 2pm</u>.</p><p>The CCAs offered are:</p><p>Sports (Football, Floorball, Netball, Swimming, Badminton)</p><p>Visual and Performing Arts (VPA) (Symphonic Band, Chinese Orchestra, Malay Dance, Dance Society, Choir)</p><p>Uniform Groups (UG) (NCC, NPCC, NCDCC, Scouts)</p><p>Clubs and Societies. (Infocomm, Media Production, Science &amp; Environment)</p><p>Do choose carefully. Please note that all CCAs have a maximum capacity for enrolment due to constraints such as venue.</p><p>For more information, please refer to the <a href="https://go.gov.sg/ccabriefingbdsparents2024" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">slides</a> and to make the CCA Selection please click to the link <a href="https://forms.moe.edu.sg/forms/J2w78o" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a>.</p><h4><strong>Release of 2023 GCE O-Level Examination Results</strong></h4><p>Dear 2023 Sec 4E &amp; 5N BDSians,</p><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Please be informed that the 2023 GCE O-Levels results will be released on Thursday, 11 January 2024.</p></li><li><p>You are expected to report to the School Hall at 1.45 pm in full school uniform and groomed according to the standards laid out in the Student Handbook for the collection of your&nbsp;result&nbsp;slips.</p></li></ol><h4><strong>All about Poly Education</strong></h4><p>Dear parents/ guardians, <br>We would like to extend an invitation to you to attend Ngee Ann Poly’s <strong>“All about Poly Education”,</strong> a forum <strong>specially organized for parents </strong>who are keen to understand more about poly education as a post-secondary pathway for their child. The event will take place at <strong>NP Open House 2024 </strong>on<strong> Saturday 6 Jan, 10am – 11.30am.</strong></p><p></p><p>Parents and students can look forward to <strong>an insightful morning listening to Mr Lim Kok Kiang, Principal &amp; CEO of NP</strong>, and <strong>Ms Nancy Tan</strong>, <strong>NP’s Director of Academic Affairs &amp; Planning office. </strong>They will share valuable details on the upcoming Joint Admissions Exercise (JAE).<strong><em> </em></strong>Additionally, a variety of programmes and tours will be available at NP Open House<strong><em>, </em></strong>offering opportunities to explore NP’s exciting courses and our beautiful campus.</p><p>For more information and to register, please see event details <a href="https://www.np.edu.sg/openhouse/parents-forum" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> on NP Open House website.</p><p>Event Details &amp; Registration Link: <a href="https://www.np.edu.sg/openhouse/parents-forum" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.np.edu.sg/openhouse/parents-forum</a></p><h4><strong>Full Subject-Based Banding (FSBB) @ Bedok South Secondary School</strong></h4><p>Full SBB is part of MOE’s ongoing efforts to nurture the joy of learning and develop multiple pathways to cater to the different strengths and interests of our students.&nbsp;Click&nbsp;<a href="https://www.bedoksouthsec.moe.edu.sg/curriculum/full-subject-based-banding-fsbb/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> to find out more.</p><h4><strong>Student Vaccination Exercise</strong></h4><p>Please click on the following links to access&nbsp;<a href="/files/Infographic%20onStudent%20Vaccination%20Exercise.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Infographic</a>&nbsp;or&nbsp;<a href="/files/Parent%20Kit%20on%20StudentVaccinationExercise.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Parent Kit</a>&nbsp;on Student Vaccination Exercise.</p><h4><strong>FAQ for Online Learning and Zoom Meeting</strong></h4><p>Please click on the respective link to access</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="/files/FAQforonlinelearning.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">FAQ for online learning</a></p></li><li><p><a href="/files/Students'%20Guide%20to%20Video%20Conferencing%20with%20Teachers%20Using%20Zoom%20for%20HBL.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Students' guide</a>&nbsp;for downloading Zoom and accessing a Zoom meeting.</p></li></ul><h4><strong>Launch of Parents Gateway</strong></h4><p>We would like to encourage all parents to sign up for the Parents Gateway app. A letter with instructions on how to sign up was given to students in Week 1. Alternatively, you may want to click&nbsp;<a href="/files/Letter%20-%20Parents%20Gateway(BSSS).pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a>&nbsp;for the Step-by-Step Guide.</p><h4><strong>SLS Support for Home-based Learning</strong></h4><p>Please click the following link to access</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="/files/Student%20E-Poster%20for%20Navigation%20on%20SLS.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">how to navigate the new SLS homepage and within an assignment.</a></p></li><li><p><a href="https://www.bedoksouthsec.moe.edu.sg/student-development/home-based-learning-hbl/sls-support-for-home-based-learning/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">information about SLS password reset</a></p></li></ul><p></p>